Gwenevere Abriel: Wayne Dalton
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me get a note for us keep track of what we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything sort of significant sort of right on your mind right now that sort of leads our attention.
Wayne Dal: No, just like stuff I was talking about yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it seems like you are feeling pretty strongly
Gwenevere Abriel: I was noticing.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Wayne Dal: It was, it was nice to be in a new group.
Wayne Dal: New faces like I knew a teak
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Wayne Dal: It was nice just to
Wayne Dal: See some new faces.
Wayne Dal: But yeah, it was just some stuff I had to get off my chest yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's more to it than that. You guys don't get much time what's been going on.
Wayne Dal: Really just the same old stuff. It just been really hard.
Wayne Dal: Like, you know, just being here, most of the time.
Wayne Dal: And I think the smoking the veins really getting to me.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Wayne Dal: Lack of VPN cuz I really thought about what you said yesterday and
Wayne Dal: You know, I don't have that getting it ready and in doing what I have to do.
Wayne Dal: To be and get a good flavor and you know it was always in my hand, you know, or close by.
Wayne Dal: And it just, I don't get the satisfaction. I used to, you know, with the patches.
Wayne Dal: So I think that's
Wayne Dal: Kind of been a big issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so too. And, and are you seeing the connection between that and
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't want to continue the tapering and it's connected or yes well well now I don't want to do this other thing too. You know, it was moving along fine.
Wayne Dal: Yeah I after yesterday I do, I really didn't think about it till after yesterday.
Wayne Dal: When it's not like God. You know, I want to continue to taper. But it's, it seems like it's getting harder.
Wayne Dal: You know,
Wayne Dal: Understand the connection. There's because I'm missing something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll leave it. We're not gonna, we're not going to pull that away and right away. We're not even going to pull it down, we'll just stay there. What if we just stay there for a month. Even and we start adding things that meet the underlying need
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so hopefully that helps with some of the NX but let's look at some of the things that, um, let's just start with that. That feeling part your home. Are you home. How many hours a day.
Wayne Dal: Well, last week, part time. So every other day. So really Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
Wayne Dal: I'm trying to get back into the office.
Wayne Dal: for probably about three or four hours.
Wayne Dal: You know, I don't have very much work to do at the office.
Wayne Dal: Right, so, you know, I try to stretch it out as much as I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're at the office of. Let me just ask this question when you're out the office. How many times are you distracted by
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I wish I was the thing I don't have a vapor in my hand. Does it happen for those three hours.
Wayne Dal: No, no.
Wayne Dal: No occasion, it will, but it's not something I think about constantly because my mind is occupied.
That's right.
Wayne Dal: So let's not forget what I really want. I really miss it is when
Wayne Dal: I finished something that's when I used to go outside and take a little break.
Wayne Dal: Yep, so you know that that's when I think about it like when I finished a project or or something. I'm supposed to finish.
Wayne Dal: That's when I think about it.
That's
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I say, some say we're over overlapping a little bit. Um, you want you set up is a dope mean reinforcement. Oh, I'll work hard and then I'll get my reward after my task you set it up in your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it will take. I think some effort, but I think you're going to be able to change that. So let's, we need to think of things that maybe not automatically won't come to mind that can be something that can feel rewarding after a task.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Wayne Dal: One thing. One thing I've done a couple 10 just go for a walk around the block. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even at work you've been able to. Okay, great. So round them up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well can you raining or a bad weather instead of the walk. What can we do
Wayne Dal: It's kind of difficult there if it would be raining or something at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you have your own us with a closed door.
Wayne Dal: No, no, to an open area. Me and another girl in the back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a favorite YouTube of comedian.
Wayne Dal: No, but I like getting on.
Wayne Dal: YouTube and looking at
Wayne Dal: Stuff like hot wheels and stuff like that.
Wayne Dal: Or like the NFL page or an MBA page just to read up on on the teams that I support.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do your tasks. Exactly. And at the same time. So here's my thinking. So you were corrected. I'm going to say something and you have to sort of see if you can make this fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I worked for three hours a day I go in at noon. So at 3pm my alarm goes off and it says, Go check NFL silly videos. My alarm goes off, it's labeled that way. And I do it. In fact, I do it 10 minutes before three
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's already in place. I'm already doing it so that I'm getting ahead of that end of the day thing I'm already because you have a little bit of a self managed day yours isn't exactly right. You get some say on your day don't
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Wayne Dal: And it's not like you know my tasks. Don't get finished at a certain time every day. It all depends on what I'm working on. So, you know, I could go in the task that I'm working on takes me the whole entire time work, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's. Well, think about it. So what you started today with this does take some real concentration
Gwenevere Abriel: You at the end of the task will go
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there something that you do at the end of the task. Does it always 99% of the time and with an email to someone that you're done, does someone else know that you're done with your tasks.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, my wife.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there we found something so you're going do you do that before you go smoke or did you use to
Wayne Dal: Oh yeah, I'll tell her that I'm done with whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: We just found one. So we actually have something that's in place right before the the previous ritual of smoking, which is that which is that email. So I'm next to
Gwenevere Abriel: The computer somewhere, you're going to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Email wife, and you can even tell your wife when I email. I'm going to go watch a funny video to replace my ritual of a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we're going to come up with something else to do, too, but it wouldn't hurt to tell her. Hey sweetheart. Could you remind me to go do my
Gwenevere Abriel: My replacement cast myself Sue's cast so that I don't smoke because you're going to need to get all the troops self in here if she's into it. If she's if this isn't really another relationship works and then don't ask.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure honey. Okay, so when you get my email at the end of the day for the task. That's my. Oh, hey, you know, could you say, Hey, sweetie. Go, go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a quick yoga stretch and then you and I will play with what that task might be one of them might be the NFL of videos, etc. But I want to get a little bit into things that you do with your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know we're going to get creative. Okay, what what what's so normalized about making
Gwenevere Abriel: Is killing you. So that's not cute. Um, so let's talk about other things that could replace it next to my desk. I will make sure all my nails are filed. I'm going to list them out. You just keep keep coming up with ideas.
Gwenevere Abriel: On mindfulness. I'm going to make sure that my fingers are clipped I'll make sure I lotion my fingers. I'll check my cuticles.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else could we be doing with hands.
Wayne Dal: I have actual couple of fidget spinners at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: fidget spinner. I have dental floss I'll run through every teeth on hands. You've got teeth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have. Is it a snack time to, by any chance, right at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's an excellent work. Let's see, what else can people do. Um, I wish you kind of had like some sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a coffee or some sort of special juice concoction tea that you would make that you could be doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. You could, like, why, yeah.
Wayne Dal: I could make, you know, a
Wayne Dal: Tea or something like that, because we do have a
Wayne Dal: Kitchen at work.
Wayne Dal: So it could be something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have the tea bag you have everything you're going to need to get that in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like to just fit on one of the reasons why I like things like an emery board things that will be in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: My concern is, you have to walk all the way over to the tea. I guess what I'm looking for something that's right here in your hand so I kind of like fidget spinner. I like that. But I also want something where, like, I almost wish you had a tiny little
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I say
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish you had a little model box car that you can put together. I wish you had a little thing that you could busy your hands if you putting together. It doesn't take long only takes a couple minutes, but you put it together, kind of like how you know Rubik's cubes are
Wayne Dal: Your have a Rubik's Cube can take to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, some either
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else can people do right there in front of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do a quick internet search and see if I mean this has to be something everybody's doing like all the time. Let's just say
Wayne Dal: I like the idea
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh tips to keep your hands and melt busy. That's exactly what I'm trying to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, okay, let me see what they say in here.
Wayne Dal: Is that what you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's what they
Gwenevere Abriel: snacking pretzel sticks carrot sticks sticks hummus salsa. Alright, so what do they have they have those are food things. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wow, little thing. Oh, what about a little game a super brainless game like cut the rope on your phone. What about that.
Wayne Dal: Because yeah yeah I can get
Wayne Dal: I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the rope is look at the finger, you're actually using your finger just swoosh swoosh and you're concentrating
Wayne Dal: Cut the Rope on my phone, but I can get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, it's so cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it gets harder and harder because you have to get the angle like once you cut the rope. It's really adorable. So, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, this thing's going like this. There's a swinging growth and it depends on where you cut it then gravity will either pop, it'll drop down over here. But if you cut it too soon for that it won't work. So you got to know just when to cut this rope. It's
It's cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't take that much like concentration mean for me. It does. I'm not so great in geometry, but my kids do well on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I like that one. That one's a nice one. When I just want to like space out
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, toothpicks having cinnamon stick having a making some go online make cinnamon sticks have them nearby and that sits in your mouth when young, young, young, young because it's a real sharp taste.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously, uh, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: See what about what we talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously,
Gwenevere Abriel: No way to interchange a nicotine gum like that to have a ritual.
Wayne Dal: I could
Wayne Dal: I actually have some pouches.
Wayne Dal: That I bought two, but I think would would work a little better.
Wayne Dal: As far as what we're talking about, I think, to keep my mouth busy.
Wayne Dal: Working
Gwenevere Abriel: At the squishy ball, you know, the stressful fidget spinner. You already have that a yo yo Fidget Cube. He wants something a bit more adult bit less than a Fidget spinner, yo. Yo, you can buy specifically diet designed Fidget Cube, you can actually get one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was my first little query and we got pencil stressful through yo yo fishing toy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have, I would say, having at your side, something like like the carrot something because straws environmentally friendly anymore. So we really can't have those for animals but celery, a carrot handy I'm even getting um
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I don't know if you're doing the one where you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do this for 90 seconds. I just have 90 seconds. I'm just going to go 90 seconds and that I would have like all over the place. And that's the piece of it also send your wife. So it would be something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll have something printed you'll have an alarm set and it'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: So 90 seconds and you can go, go do a routine go do routine routine is going to be, what, what do you think your first routine, even for a week might be
Wayne Dal: Well, I like, I like to walking Gil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Wayne Dal: That's my first choice is to just get up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it email then walk or walk then email.
Wayne Dal: It would be emailed him walk
Gwenevere Abriel: On it. So, but that's specifically want to write that down. You want to have that up there, email, walk
Wayne Dal: Up to us like finishing whatever I'm finished and telling me why from finished and went for a walk you back in a few
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then you come back, and then what happens
Wayne Dal: And then I started my next my next task.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about these other things that we're talking about.
Wayne Dal: Could do
Wayne Dal: Either or, you know, I could make some tea or just mess around my fidget spinner or any of these
Wayne Dal: Ideas that we came up with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Wayne Dal: But then usually what usually when I'm
You know,
Wayne Dal: Usually when I'm done. And I would take my walk I be ready to come back in and
Gwenevere Abriel: Write
Wayne Dal: it some more. So
Gwenevere Abriel: What's important. This may seem over simplified, but having this list written down, having it so that it's ready at home to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to need these things because you're not remembering them, you're just thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I used to do. So I'm thinking about thinking about it, thinking about now think about now instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: These other you just got to go that 90 seconds at home, for example, it's a little easier for you at work, but at home. It's I've got to go. I only have to get through this 90 seconds. But in that 90 seconds you go look at your list. So if you could write a list make tea fidget spinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make cinnamon a tooth parents
Gwenevere Abriel: Cut the Rope you get
Gwenevere Abriel: YouTube be what's going to happen is you're going to need to see these things in writing, you're going to see them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to go do them and then time will have passed and you will have made it through that craving. Yeah. Because really it truly happens after we get past those 90 seconds in an hour has passed, and then we're like, oh, now I'm immersed in something else, then you could say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, the higher order ones are learning something new that's going to be, you know, getting on one of those brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brain Games are you really are using having to really, really use your brain. I don't know. Do you have any of those on your on your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a challenge.
Wayne Dal: I know, but I really got I really love this game called 3D sniper
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Wayne Dal: I really like and man I could spend like an hour, an hour and a half on it easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I have listed, you're going to need this on a sticky. A couple stickies email.
Gwenevere Abriel: Entity then fidget spinner make cinnamon sticks. Cut the Rope
Gwenevere Abriel: YouTube
Gwenevere Abriel: Video 3D sniper
Gwenevere Abriel: You could also, I don't know what you can do on your phone around like, pick up, pick a video and edit it like turned it in like a cute little kid video. You could edit the video and send it to someone cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's neat about that is you're using your fingers.
Wayne Dal: You have
Wayne Dal: One of those apps or I can edit the picture and put all kinds of stuff in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me get back in your notes here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Group that you were sharing some emotional things around.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, regret was I was an alcoholic. That's something I would have done differently. I mean, you went deep, you know, how is that coming up for you in your life these days.
Wayne Dal: I don't know, it's just, it's something I think about, you know, sometimes
Wayne Dal: You just, if I could have done differently and
Wayne Dal: Like if I could have been in the place I am now back, you know, then
Wayne Dal: Things might have turned out a little bit better with my kids, not that. My kids are bad kids or anything, but, you know, kind of had all his issues and problems and
Wayne Dal: Sometimes I think I pushed them away. And maybe that they had to get away from me.
Wayne Dal: If that makes sense. You know, I mean, like, they all they all moved out God team and
Wayne Dal: Sometimes I think maybe they got it. They had to do it to get away from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, I've never heard you say that
Gwenevere Abriel: Sudden
Wayne Dal: I just, this is something that I've been thinking about, you know, here and there.
Wayne Dal: Because you do hear people say sometimes the kid had to move out to get away from his mom or get away from the dad.
Wayne Dal: I just sometimes, I think, was that me, you know,
But
Wayne Dal: I can't dwell in it, you know.
Wayne Dal: It's just something I think about it, can't change you know the past. All I can do is change that now in the future. That's what I'm trying to do.
Wayne Dal: You know, but it's, it's something I do think about
Wayne Dal: It. There's nothing that I get depressed about or anything, but it's something that yeah I think that was a big mistake that I made in my life. I
Wayne Dal: You know,
Wayne Dal: But I did my best, and I did what I knew how and and
Wayne Dal: You know, I was definitely better than my parents.
Wayne Dal: You know, I mean,
Wayne Dal: And that's, that's
Wayne Dal: I always told that to myself that I wasn't going to be my father and I, you know, my kids would have more than I did. And
Wayne Dal: You know, I feel like I did that.
Wayne Dal: You know, but there's still some
Wayne Dal: I guess it it's regret.
Wayne Dal: And I do. Like I said, it just, it just comes up sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, why don't we do
Gwenevere Abriel: You a little different technique. Today we've got enough time. Why don't we do some of that I'm movement are the EM Dr today. Do you do have two containers.
Wayne Dal: Have them ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. So let's let's go into I already have your protective figures that I can we then already have all these sort of metaphors work with. So why don't we talk a little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: That feeling you were talking about just now of regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were younger. Did you ever have this sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Regret before the concept of this regret around children. Is there any of that earlier in your life.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, I think.
Wayne Dal: School was a big one. I didn't finish school
Wayne Dal: You know, I dropped out and got my GED.
Wayne Dal: playing sports was a big is a big regret.
Wayne Dal: I didn't play sports, because I was too busy, you know,
Wayne Dal: Hanging out with friends and partying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had this
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing.
Wayne Dal: Probably. That's my biggest secret is not enjoying my youth.
Wayne Dal: But in a way, I didn't have a chance because I had to grow up so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right there, that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had to grow up so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can go further back on that one. See if you can bridge it to that earliest sense of, I've got to take responsibility. I've got a girl fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check all the way back in time moving back 10 years, five years go all the way back and see if you can catch the earliest stage where you really have this sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't play I I've gotta fix this dinner. I've got to take care of this sibling, I've gotta like to know how how how far back that goes
Wayne Dal: It goes back is pretty much
Wayne Dal: As long as I can remember. I was never allowed to play. I always had to, you know, work.
Wayne Dal: Because my dad you know i i was i felt like i didn't have enough time to be a kid around him, because I always had to have stuff done.
Wayne Dal: I'll say I'd get it, you know, so
Wayne Dal: I was so constantly worried about that.
Wayne Dal: And wasn't able to have fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: What age. How far back can you go
Wayne Dal: I would say probably
Wayne Dal: Probably really about nine or 10 I would think. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it goes back as long as I can remember. So you have a sense of of
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe third grade. There was, there was some playing maybe in second and third grade, you think you might have been
Wayne Dal: A little
Wayne Dal: Kid. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then as fourth grade came in and certainly in fifth grade when you're 10 right now. Now you're, you can't you can't really afford to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to be focused on not getting in trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this one right here. This one we're talking about at age nine, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressing. Is this because I'm putting it on the subjective unit of distress and trying to see how distressing. It is for you just even talking about it now on zero to 100 Todd distressing is that
Wayne Dal: It's up there.
Wayne Dal: It's distressing. It's just
Wayne Dal: When I think about it is it's up there. It's probably in the 80s or 90s.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I had an 80 I'm gonna let me put it like 85 cents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so yeah just stress that that word is a vague one and it captures a lot of emotions. I let you guys decide what that is. That's why it's called a subjective unit of distress. I don't know how we label it, but it certainly isn't calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's distressing. Yes. Okay. So we're I put it at
Gwenevere Abriel: A five
Gwenevere Abriel: And where do you notice in your body that that is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it activated.
Wayne Dal: Everything like is when I think about all this stuff. It's all in my
Chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. What's up, just doing
Wayne Dal: It like it's
Wayne Dal: Like Hardy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's interesting, call it, you call it heartache, because that's the way you sounded in group to like your heart was breaking somehow you sounded heartbroken. You know, it's interesting that today that that's that's where you're at in the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to get in a little bit to
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief about the self, be patient with this one. Wayne. These are hard to get to. Okay, so don't don't censor I'll help guide, I'll say, okay, well maybe try this or this or this. Okay. These are hard to get to. So, be gentle on yourself. You want to try and capture. So if you
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were nine going back in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And i right I'm sort of doing it with him and thinking, I don't want to get in trouble. I don't want to get hurt, right, and only thing to happen. I think you mentioned things about your mom, kind of, she had to. You were stepping in. So what what was
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the we'll just take it as far away and then we'll work our way forward, what were the thoughts and beliefs you had at age nine,
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this just see what you were thinking to kind of remember
Gwenevere Abriel: You had fear.
Wayne Dal: Scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm scared.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so that might be it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief. I'm scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: So typically, I would use that as as an emotion, but I'm I'm noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said fear you said scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I was asking you about thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember thinking anything about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I am like if you had to finish the sentence, I am, what would it be
Gwenevere Abriel: Back then,
Gwenevere Abriel: belief about the self. These are hard to get to just let it flow, just see what comes up.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Yeah.
Wayne Dal: I remember thinking about all the time.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would you like to have been thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what would you like to have been thinking at age nine,
Wayne Dal: Older like to been thinking about nothing.
Wayne Dal: Just being carefree and being a kid.
Wayne Dal: I was just
Wayne Dal: I would just like to been thinking that just being happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: carefree kid. So that's the results of some things wanted to be carefree want to just be a kid. If you were carefree and just to kid. What would the belief about the selfie. I look around and carefree just Kim doing what I want to do on plane.
Wayne Dal: What do I do when I'm being loved, and wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am loved and wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: And very big shift. I want you to think right now true right now. This is a scale from one to seven. How true is I'm loved and wanted How true is it today.
Wayne Dal: Today, it's a 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh.
Wayne Dal: Because I know I am loved and I
Wayne Dal: Am wanting
Wayne Dal: The good feelings you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't it
Wayne Dal: Yeah, after years and years of not feeling that
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is it this one, watch this one closely.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is on a different scale. This is actually, you know what I was what I said one to seven on true on that other one. I'm just going to put seven. So this one's the one to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how true is it that you're feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay close attention. I'm a slave.
Gwenevere Abriel: One to 10 How true is
Wayne Dal: It better to because I do kind of feel like I'm a buck around here sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear a little bit of that here and there.
Oh, yeah.
Wayne Dal: Would you say one to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's one to 10 yeah
Wayne Dal: Yeah, I think it's probably better for actually
Wayne Dal: That that does come across my mind a lot
Wayne Dal: Butler like
Wayne Dal: What the hell.
I'm picking up after the kids.
Wayne Dal: Yogi, no.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let me see.
Wayne Dal: He's getting a big boy.
Wayne Dal: He chose everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Like the horn, the little antler horn. So you can really
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, oh yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Oh, does it smell like a puppy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now be funny if he was barking at
Gwenevere Abriel: 730 Oh my gosh, thank you for that. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me see where we are.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just check in. We had a little moment with Yogi. And so let's check in on what your subjective unit of distress is right now. Give me a number from zero to 100. How are you feeling
Wayne Dal: I'm feeling good.
What number
Wayne Dal: With what
Wayne Dal: Is being the lowest
Gwenevere Abriel: Distressed
Wayne Dal: Yes, actually 020 200 I'm not feeling distressed at all today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, as I as I check it. Because earlier we were up it right at five. I'm starting to feel those things. And now you're down at. What number would you say
Wayne Dal: For me to find, I would say down to these let's give it a 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so at 20. Oh, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to sort of install and interweave some positive imagery, so sit back a little bit. You want to be about arm's length away so your eyes aren't strained.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to see your eyes looking. First I want to check and make sure they're all shoulder width apart. So you're going to be looking at those two things left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, that's fine. So I'll be setting the pace with my finger. Do you see me setting the pace, you won't be looking at my finger, you'd be looking at the objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're getting a sense out of the peripheral vision that I'm setting the pace. Does that make sense. Yeah. So I'm trying to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your eyes are actually not going across. So let me just check out something
Gwenevere Abriel: My concern is that they are more can you actually reach it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it can you reach one of those objects. If you were to reach out really I don't see your eyes moving all the way over. That's interesting. Why don't you move in an inch closer to the screen just an inch
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see you go back and forth, not looking at me. Don't worry about me. Look at the chops of the objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're just that strain your eyes, is that hurt. No. Okay, that's the distance. Now, how far away from the screen feel with your arm, how far you are because we want to mark that that's how far we want you
Wayne Dal: Almost an arms link.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. That's what I'm almost arms like so try to remember that. That's our distance. So kind of are you comfortable right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, fantastic. That's what we want. So now let's have a nice inhale and let's sort of bring our tuned awareness inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Keep your eyes close and I'm going to remind you to bring up this imagery of of your grandpa.
Gwenevere Abriel: This sense of feeling safe with him. He is a protective figure that you can summon up to your awareness in your working mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just from the get a sense of what it's like to be around him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bringing in your nurturing figure of grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your grandpa together loving and they never hurt you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See around them. See how your chest feels. Notice how your back, your stomach, your legs how the shoulders, indeed, respond to being in their presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to gravity is it pulls you post those feet down to the center of the earth and pulls your bottom, your back, your shoulders and close it all down to the center of the Earth, consistently, it is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding you tethering you
Gwenevere Abriel: To the planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to be with an interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: In an exchange of connection with grandma and grandpa and
Gwenevere Abriel: With your wise figure of God.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone interacting together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to how you feel physically, emotionally
Gwenevere Abriel: See if your body settles in further
Gwenevere Abriel: If muscles decide to relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you notice it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you to hold that imagery in your mind, and I'm going to do a slow iteration for about 30 seconds here. I'm going to just focus on you and those resources. When you're ready, open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be looking at the top. So these figures and you're going to be thinking about your protective figure, hold on to it in your working mind nurturing figures and you're wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: You're interacting with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mind starts to wander pay attention to it. But know that you're working very hard to keep these figures present in your working mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let's inhale into the belly. Inhale, with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: An exhale all the air out nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What the mind go blank for even a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice what comes up and share that with me.
Wayne Dal: Sense of
Wayne Dal: Safety
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. I'd like to do a little desensitization. Okay, which means that we I'll be inviting you to pull up because desensitization sort of means exposure, we're exposing ourselves to something. So it means pulling up a memory your memory. You don't have to tell me what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'll be inviting you to think about the worst piece about about when you were nine. The worst image of it. You don't have to tell me that you just pull it up in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'd like you to pull up the negative thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a slave and you're going to open your eyes. And we're going to be doing a little faster iteration. So you're going to be holding on to two things worse image of that at nine and the negative thought, I'm a slave. Open your eyes hold them in your working awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving
Gwenevere Abriel: Left and right left right
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst piece of it and then negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Short iteration. Breathe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: The mind go blank for just a moment.
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's coming up just a short little statement and then I'll take it from there. What did you notice
Wayne Dal: Tense tense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tense where where
Wayne Dal: My shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we're going to go with that. Open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a hold that thought worst image. THE WORST piece of it. Pay attention to the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative cognition. I'm a slave tension in the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tell me what you're thinking about
Wayne Dal: Dog was just thinking about being a slave.
Wayne Dal: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do it again. Worst image of it. This is the exposure part like you to pay attention to your shoulders. Get a feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe bringing those arms down, allowing gravity to pull them down a little bit. Allow gravity. Notice it right, it's been there and pulling you to the center of the earth. Okay.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to pull up that WORST piece a little bit more desensitisation worst image of that age nine, I'm a slave. Open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking left and right. See the pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you thinking about right now.
Wayne Dal: Just feeling just like
Wayne Dal: Not feeling anything right now just
Wayne Dal: Gonna come
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to bring up grandma, grandpa and God your resource team, bring it into your imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to pay attention to your shoulders. Pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To that negative cognition. Open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that all on the workspace of your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective nurturing wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: tension in the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then a sense of feeling nothing and calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay close attention not only to the body's messages to shifts and changes to the thoughts and images that come up. Try not to wait when I do my inquiry want to tell me right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection bringing that into your awareness, you're interacting with them, grandma, grandpa God and you
Gwenevere Abriel: See what the creative mind us
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together nice belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale it out nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: This inquiry is just noticing what is coming up for you. Remember, I'm interested in anything that comes up.
Wayne Dal: Just peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Peace.
Wayne Dal: Peace protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're gonna go with that. Open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: To something. Pay attention to your, your somatic awareness to the shoulders, perhaps in peace and protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together. Inhale to the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: An exhale it all out nice, relaxed. Exhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of scan your body check how the feet are doing heavy ankles and calves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Where's the knees and thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they sit bones as they meet the seating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lower back the middle the shoulder blades and
Gwenevere Abriel: Way up there on those shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: biceps and triceps and hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breath going just tuning in
Gwenevere Abriel: It returned to short he shallow up higher digit stay deep into the long and a belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the neck. The throat job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the temples and the insides. The eye sockets deep inside behind the eyes have that awareness sweep up to the forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice what shifted. What changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What charge might be left
Gwenevere Abriel: Open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: We think we've done this too much at all. What was this activity like for you. Hmm.
Wayne Dal: I liked it.
Wayne Dal: I'm feeling really relaxed now.
Wayne Dal: And kind of just
Wayne Dal: It just feel like good
Wayne Dal: Or to say what
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go.
Wayne Dal: Not thinking of anything.
Wayne Dal: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Peace, peace. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is it that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a slave right now first number that comes into mind.
Zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how powerful that imagery is not only do you have access to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your breath he could be including that in that wake up, including it in any kind of prayer you do, including it and when you're at the end of a task.
Gwenevere Abriel: Email. My wife or first will take a moment, or maybe after you email or maybe you'll be doing it while you're walking and you're going to include if you can, the imagery of your research resource team include that imagery in there as you're walking
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, notice what it gave me a piece
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be an added piece that can make a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to message. The doctor
Gwenevere Abriel: I think she was waiting. I don't think she put an order in. I don't know. It could be confusing. So I'm just going to tell Dr are really here and she can take it from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Andy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need anything besides to be for North. And do you know
Wayne Dal: I don't need to deepen your finger yesterday.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll just put that and let's schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule another appointment.
Wayne Dal: Can leave. We're going to be a may already
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that can't be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazing. Um, do you want to wait until. Yeah. Do you want to meet April 28 the date.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do that. All right, waiting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look forward to seeing what what techniques seem to make a meaningful difference for you around.
Gwenevere Abriel: I highly recommend you write this on little
Wayne Dal: Me, right, I'm gonna take my journal and I'm a writer that work. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in front of you, because we were going to forget we're going to think, Oh, you know what I mean, versus just go do it. Distract yourself or even 90 seconds the day it'll be like, whoa, an hour just past. Okay. All right. I look forward to seeing you again.
Wayne Dal: Have a good day.
Wayne Dal: Bye bye.